WHEN WE WERE ABLE
TO CHANGE THE DAY OR YEAH, WE
CAN DO IN AUGUST AND I'LL BE
GONE IN THE MONTH OF JULY.
>> OH HOW ABOUT EVERYBODY JUST
IN THE SCHEDULE OF WHEN THEY'RE
GOING TO BE HERE?
SO I HAVE AN IDEA OF THE DATES
EVERYBODY IS GOING AND WE LOOK
AT SOME OF THE NEW DIGS WE'RE
LOOKING AT JULY MEETING FOLKS
BEING ON AND I'LL BE HERE FROM
HERE IT IS I'LL BE HERE FOR ME
IF WE'RE ZOOMING BECAUSE I.
YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH.
SO MAYBE YOU'RE SAYING JUST
MOVE THE JULY TO AUGUST OR JUNE
I GUESS IT MAKES ME SO HAPPY
PERSON I THINK WE SHOULD TRY
AND HAVE OUR WORKING GROUPS
MEET BEFORE AND I MEAN I WOULD
LIKE TO MEET WITH LEADERSHIP AS
SOON AS POSSIBLE.
>> RIGHT.
OR IS IT LEADERSHIP FUNDRAISING
FUNDRAISING LEADERSHIP HOW MUCH
FUNDRAISING LEADERSHIP
EMERGING.
>> NO, NO NO COMMUNICATION
OUTREACH I THINK YEAH.
THOSE GUYS LEADERSHIP IS THEY
WILL DO ANY LIKE IF WE NEED TO
CHANGE HER.
I WAS LIKE THAT'S HOW WE MET
AND SO THEY'RE JUST JUST
OUTREACH AND COMMUNICATIONS ARE
GOOD FUNDRAISING IS WHAT I
MEANT.
I LISTEN SARAH LONG AND VERY
FUNDRAISE LET'S GET TOGETHER IN
THE NEXT FEW WEEKS HUH.
YEAH CERTAINLY MOUNTAIN BIKING
SCHEDULES COOL.
AND IN THE MEANTIME LET'S GET
OUR IDEAS IN THAT REPORT.
SO YEAH
.
THANKS EVERYBODY.
WE TURN
OVER A GREAT WHAT DO
YOU GET FROM